[Music]
what your pet's coat color
says about their personality oh you mean
that dapper detective-like raincoat
or maybe that snappy red holiday winter
coat
um what oh we're talking about pet
animals coats
oh sorry never mind your beloved pets
personality is shaped by many things
their breed upbringing and even the
color of their coat
that's right studies confirm that every
fur color has its own specific feel to
it
before you put your furry friend through
this personality test
don't forget to hit subscribe and ring
the notification bell
to join us on the bright side of life
now back to coat colors
according to a study published in the
journal applied animal behavior science
the different colors that english cocker
spaniels come in
can actually reflect their behavior and
personality
another study from the university of
sydney discovered that
on average chocolate labrador retrievers
don't live as long as the golden and
black ones do scientists believe it may
be
recessive genes to blame hey try
switching to blue jeans huh
well fur color really does make a
difference in both health and
personality
but what about your fur baby what does
the color of their coat say about them
well let's find out
number one black
[Music]
for some reason pets with black fur
don't get as much attention as their
peers with different colored coats do
a 2002 study published in the journal of
applied animal welfare science
showed that black cats along with brown
ones are the least likely to be adopted
and that's a real shame since black cats
have such a unique personality
i should know i have one even though
they can be a bit anti-social at times
they develop the deepest connection with
their owners just don't think that you
can befriend a black cat
right away they'll observe you from afar
and then decide
whether or not you're worthy of their
time
they may come off as unpredictable and
stubborn
but they're also very sensitive and shy
these black clad introverts usually
prefer a calm
indoor lifestyle as for black dogs
they're independent determined and
strong that same 2002 study
also found that black cocker spaniels
are the second most aggressive
after golden red ones but that doesn't
mean that all black dogs are violent by
association
they're just naturally very protective
and introverted
these qualities make them the best
companions you can ask for
number two brown
now due to genetics a brown chocolatey
color is kind of rare among cats
so if you're lucky enough to have a
beautiful brown cat
it's probably very intelligent friendly
and playful
brown cats are not the type to be super
goofy
they're rather elegant and sophisticated
and they definitely love the attention
brown dogs on the other hand are
reserved and quiet
they're really calm and need some time
to adjust to new people and places
they're extremely observant peaceful and
smart
they can easily learn new things on the
spot which probably comes in handy when
training
number three gray
now when it comes to cats gray fur
indicates
sophistication combined with wildness
your cat can elegantly lie on your bed
looking completely unbothered
but the second you show them a shiny or
loud toy
they'll be running towards it with pure
excitement they like to have
fun and can be quite mischievous at
times
so they basically have the best of both
worlds
great dogs in their turn are quite
curious and brave
if there's something strange going on
they'll definitely investigate it
they love to explore the environment
around them and learn new things
so as long as you show your grey dog
something new and interesting
you'll have their full attention
number four white
these cats are exceptionally gorgeous
don't you think
well they do unfortunately they don't
have the best genetics
they're at a higher risk for congenital
deafness and are prone to all types of
vision problems and skin disorders
but despite all that their personality
is a true
gem they're gentle loving and
affectionate
and they often follow their owners
around the house
on the other hand they also enjoy
spending all day in bed
which is something i think we can all
relate to
dogs with a white coat are really
playful sweet and just
fun to be around no matter how tired or
sad you are
a white dog can always lift your mood
thanks to their unbelievable love for
life
these dogs are always in for new
adventures and meeting new people
so you'll never be bored with such a
companion by your side
number five orange
if there was an award for the goofiest
and funniest pets
dogs and cats with orange colored fur
would win
every time apart from the obvious fact
that ginger cats are simply adorable
they're also very friendly and awkwardly
cute
animal behavior experts sometimes state
that male ginger cats are more assertive
than female ones
and aren't afraid to be vocal about how
they feel
but in spite of their occasional
sassiness
there's nothing they love more than
attention and adoration
orange dogs are very similar to their
white peers
they're active bubbly fun and
spontaneous
they love new challenges and prefer
being outdoors
a lot of orange orange-colored dogs make
friends easily and
fall in love with people quickly they're
quite emotional and lively
and that's what makes them so lovable
and unique
number six bicolored
if your cat or dog has more than one
color in their coat
it may signify their complex personality
as far as bi-colored cats are concerned
tabi's are natural hunters
they enjoy the process of running after
a toy and snatching it up
the outdoor world is basically their
kingdom they love to explore
everything and are always curious about
what's going on outdoors
black and white cats are very
resourceful affectionate and clever
a lot of these cats make friends easily
but not for long
gray and white cats on the other hand
can be quite naughty
but no matter how much they misbehave at
times
their irresistible energy charisma and
cuteness
always get them out of trouble seal
point cats
like siamese kitties for instance are
honest assertive and vocal
they often choose the leader of the pack
in the family
and express their love to them in
particular
owners of these cats also frequently
describe them as being
dog-like ooh is that an insult or a
compliment
speaking of dogs in the canine community
black and white pooches are usually
really graceful and brainy they're not
the ones to cluelessly run from room to
room and bark without reason
they also tend to pick the leader and
diligently follow their commands
black and white dogs are wonderful
companions and extremely loyal friends
red brown or cream orange and white dogs
are all about being active and showing
their love every chance they get
these types also tend to be a little
clumsy
they always get into fun and awkward
situations
and never fail to make you laugh until
you cry
number seven tri-colored
calico cats are often perceived as
unique and different
and it's true in many ways these kitties
are loving and lively
yet determined and independent their
personality is
never stable or predictable they often
change
and are generally full of surprises in
japan
calico cats are thought to bring good
luck to their owners
if you have a rare white brown and
orange cat
you probably already know that they can
be a bit aggressive at times
but that's simply because they're trying
to protect their privacy
and don't like random people invading
their space
other than that they're sweet and gentle
with the ones they love
tri-colored dogs often combine the
individual qualities of each color their
coat has
but generally speaking they're more on
the playful side and extremely loyal
their perfect day is simple a walk in
the park
and lots of games with their favorite
human these dogs tend to connect with
people deeply
and miss their owners dearly so make
sure to spend more time with your pet
and your tri-colored pup will be the
happiest of them all
so did these descriptions fit your furry
friend's personality
tell us in the comment section below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life
you